Add the default value description for tidb_enforce_mpp (#5955)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

### `tidb_enforce_mpp` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.1</span>

- Scope: SESSION

> - Default value: `OFF`. If you need to change this default value, configure the [`performance.enforce-mpp`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enforce-mpp) parameter.

Reviewer: I hope it can be emphasized here that this is a configuration item
```suggestion
- Default value: `OFF`. If you need to change this default value, please modify the [`performance.enforce-mpp`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enforce-mpp) configuration item
```

> - Default value: `OFF`. If you need to change this default value, configure the [`performance.enforce-mpp`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enforce-mpp) parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
- Default value: `OFF`. If you need to change this default value, you can modify the [`performance.enforce-mpp`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enforce-mpp) configuration item.
```

> - Default value: `OFF`. If you need to change this default value, you can modify the [`performance.enforce-mpp`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enforce-mpp) configuration item.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Default value: `OFF`. To change this default value, modify the [`performance.enforce-mpp`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enforce-mpp) configuration value.
```
